Minutes of Meeting:Jamie, Luke, On, Sam
---------------------------------------------------------
date: 7 Dec '16
start time: 12:00
end time: 12:50

date and time of next meeting: 13 Dec 2016


topics discussed:
	-- what still needs to be done with the implementation
	-- the colour scheme of the gui's
	-- how we are going to structure the data files
	-- any issues we have with eachothers code, and what needs to be changed/adapted
	-- how the video demonstartion is going to work

progress since last meeting:
        -- more methods have been implemented and tested
	-- all classes and data files are now on github
	-- some members had issues getting git working on their IDE's, but this was resolved quickly


TODO (for next meeting):
	-- finish the implementation
	-- test our work, ensure it is all working well
	-- sumbit work
	-- get ready for our next meeting which will be a viva prep